1. Take existing website made in Task 29 and copy files across
DONE.

2. I need to read up on Javascript local storage. Watch a few videos and ask ChatGPT for some example code.
DONE. Fairly simple, espcially when you've used sessionStorage. It's similar. DONE.

2. Create a 'Save for Later' page.
Make some dummy entries into localstorage.
This will read in from Javascript localstorage.
I need to design a layout for this page. Use Grid to space out content. Forget this. Too much time needed. Just make 1 per line for entry.
Add a delete button for each article link.
DONE.

I'll use an unorderd list. DONE.
Remember: to use index - needed for deleting. DONE.

3. Add code on articles - like a footer on the article - to 'Save for Later'.
When an article loads, if the article has been saved, it should display a different message if it has been saved: 'This page has been saved' - if its' been saved.
If not saved, it should say 'Save for Later + tickbox'. If the tickbox is clicked again, then the article is removed from the localstorage.
DONE. This was a lot of headache. The code was OK, but something was wrong. It turned out that reading the localstorage returns a null if there is nothing in it. 
I had to write an if statement to cope with this.

4. When an item is saved, the user should be told how many items are saved in their saved folder. 
(Try having a dissapering popup - but don't spend time on this) Forget this idea.
Add a text space next to the button. Use this to display how many items have been saved. Code from Javascript.
DONE.

5. I need to have a plan for how the localstorage structure will be - need an object with name and link.
DONE. This got done early on in the coding.

6. Have a comments section on all articles. This should be hidden at first, with a 'Leave Comment' link showing. 
When clicked, you can then see a form to leave a comment.

7. Add a like option for aritcles. This should be easy.
Have icons for like and dislike. Localstorage stores if a like or dislike has been stored.
// This should be the same exact logic as the save page. Repeat all again 🙂

8. Make a contact form. I think this needs to be a dummy form. Try and make it look fancy.